I am a believer in the perfectibility of
human being and a circle we can finally
realize our potential when we are our
best selves
there isn't a problem that we cannot
solve we can cure any disease and we can
and hunger imagine the human rights
implication the possibilities are
endless your payment it was for 78 13 in
the bill with 478 31 thank you
you called the job at the circle have a
drink have a good time and stay excited
there at the circle and I'm a how are
you Darren here we'll be doing a
training I first started it took me a
few weeks to really get the hang of it
believe me you're doing fine she come
visit me at work full-time you might
think I was there to clean the toilet
everyone really likes you here works
been exemplary strongly that your
absence at several have been sorry my
dad had an episode and I was home
helping out it was not related to within
then I've been looking into your parents
situation and I have an idea
so I was thinking it would make sense
for an aid folks to come on the circle
health plan I want to see how much they
value what you've done for me clearly
man you are a valued part of the circle
we care about everybody you care about
may have only been with us for a few
months but she has made quite an
impression the may do you think you
behave better or worse when you are
being watched
we have cameras in place all over the
world right now
[Music]
we used to go on adventures we used to
have fun and see things and now it's all
filtered through this if this really
seem okay to you
[Music]
I'm great it's not what I had in market
things that the struggle I need to
change
everything recorded being broadcast with
storage and a lot here
however no matter what it's called
knowing is good but knowing everything
is
so may is there anything you want to
tell her
[Music]
you